update: update the Kotlin Spring Boot tutorial (#4796)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/jvm/jvm-spring-boot-using-crudrepository.md

## Run the application

Congratulations! The application is ready to run again.

> After replacing `JdbcTemplate` with `CrudRepository`, the functionality remains the same, so the application should work just as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After replacing `JdbcTemplate` with `CrudRepository`, the functionality remains the same, so the application works just as before.
```
